go get monster hungry well it's Sunday
if week 4 at the LCS I'm joined right
now by sneaky with coverage presented by
Omni slash sneaky aren't you from
Florida yes and did you know that any
LCS finals are happening in Miami oh oh
yes aww yeah actually yeah I forgot
about that isn't that an interesting
situation for you um well I'm from
Orlando specifically but I started going
into college for almost year before I
went pro and Booker a ton which is
really close to Miami so I've visited a
few times you know go to the beach there
it's pretty cool say would it be nice
for you to compete there again yeah I'd
be pretty amazing okay hometown
basically yeah do you like that stuff
because they made they you're like
forefront of that art that they made oh
yeah yeah wait I had like the sunglasses
on right yeah I don't know if those me
at versa that was like golden glue so I
think because it was like more blonde
hair and then your it's like because the
idea is that you're this is an alternate
reality version of you where you spend a
lot of time at the beach and your hair
has become bleached I think because of
that yeah it's the polar opposite cuz
right now I I cannot be outside in the
Sun yeah I have we had to do this in the
shade because the skin started burning
when we were a direct sublight it's very
dangerous all right I so anyway but
you're a big on Miami that'd be cool for
you yeah for sure I will do it if I get
to go yeah some some players I think
just like don't care about where they
compete but for you I think it sounds
like it'd be fun alright so we got that
out of the way let's talk about cloud 9
you guys still only lost one game yes so
only one game been paying attention and
that means that you guys are up at the
top
I was talking to Jensen about this
yesterday it feels like there's always
you guys are always like the second
storyline you know people are like Oh
more riddles OTS mo teamliquid and then
it's like you guys just check along
doing really really well in LCS and
people aren't talking about as much do
you think that's true
yeah I definitely see a lot of that for
sure
I think it's like kind of warranted
because our in in a like playoff success
hasn't been as amazing as it was you
know like 2013 2014 we haven't won since
then I mean we got into finals a lot but
we have actually won it so like people
are always talking about like the big
roster moves and said you know like TSM
was been admitting and stuff it doesn't
make sense to talk about those kind of
topics and you know like liquid this
year it looks pretty huge with just
their move overall like completely
revamping so it makes sense for people
to you know put us just aside a little
bit but I'm glad were able to prove
ourselves here and sure there were a
strong team is that do you think it's
almost a good thing because in talking
to both spend a spin your teammate not
Sven and Berg from TSM over I think both
those interviews were last week
maybe that's been once before anyway the
conversation was kind of about the
pressure that's on TSM from the fans and
the expectations and how stressful it
can be vs cloud 9 where it's a little
less like that do you think do you think
that sort of the fact that all the focus
on these other teams lightens the load
on you guys maybe that's a good thing
um I'm not entirely sure honestly cuz I
think on every team there's always
expectations to do well like I don't
think it's any more so for TSM really I
think there's just pressured they'd put
on themselves what about the fans right
cuz the fans are the ones that are
chasing you know they lose a couple
games in the beginning and the fans all
act like the world is following where
it's you guys but if you lost a couple
games I don't think people would be like
hitting the panic button yeah I mean
it's different because of the roster
situation I think whereas we didn't take
like a huge leap we kind of just like
stayed the same and then like you know
people were saying we got like site
upgrades or whatever whereas TSM it's
like okay you know they got the best bot
lane and the west and it's like they're
supposed to do well so it makes sense
for them to like rage about that but
yeah I mean I don't think there was any
extra like pressure on them besides just
pressure they put on themselves like you
know we have to win these weeks we have
to win but I think like literally every
team is trying to say
to themselves because then regular
season is very important for you know
playoffs in seeding there was a on the
out stream yesterday that one of the
other na LCS ad carry's was a part of it
and he was saying that accepting himself
he feels like you and smoothy and then
this van and mithi are probably the the
best pot lanes in north america and that
he has a hard time deciding how because
you guys I think I think it's something
like you guys make bigger plays but they
make less mistakes or something and so
he doesn't know how to rate which one I
guess but do you agree with that
assessment that you guys in the TSM bot
lane are perhaps the the best if you
ignore the teamliquid bot lane if I
ignore them well only because he was not
counting his bot lane in that equation
maybe a better way to ask this question
is I want to ask you or do you rank your
so your guys you guys compared to the
other bot lines in North America well
for me personally I never really look to
kind of write myself against my
colleagues yeah I kind of only ever
looked to just improve myself and kind
of just see where I am I mean there are
some games you know like I guess in
scrims where you just feel like it's
really hard to get advantages against
your opponent but free personally I
never feels like there's anyone that's
just like a block that's just stopping
me and I can't get past them like it
always feels more pushed towards like
matchup things like if we just start
losing like every TV to in a scrim so
you're like okay like are these matchups
just that bad and it never feels like
okay we're just playing everything
terribly they're just that much better
that's that's kind of how I think of it
um yeah I think that's honestly the
better way to think of things like that
I mean obviously it does come down to
the individual play with those matchups
because you can be in a bad matchup and
end up winning out in some things like
that but just for me personally that's
kind of how I think of it so to write
myself against like other ball things
like that it's just like weird for me I
mean I would always want to think that
we got the best but that's just because
I'm always trying to improve as much as
I can with a smoothie
with your smoothie that's very cute is
that you call them your smoothie it's
like you're a bot Lane it's like hey
you're my smoothie I'm like where is my
smoothie yet aggressively why is my
smoothie in the top lane your bot Lane
support this is very so I thought it was
gonna be endearing the way you call this
but it sounds like it's much more
aggressive yeah it's okay so let's put
it this way if you say you would like to
think that you guys are the best if you
had to pick between facing off against
TLS bot lane or TSM bot lane who would
you pick and why just from scrims
I think TLS bali and tartar initially
when TSM bot Lane came from Europe or
whatever they were playing really well
and it felt like I talked about like
really hard to get advantages on them
and they were playing the cold matchup
super well but I think as the weeks have
gone by they like lost confidence in
themselves so that feels like they're
not pushing leads as much as they used
to before like I tried to actually
notice in scrims was then literally
would never recall and it would be
really annoying because you just always
get like the extra push on me and then I
would lose minions rather than him so I
started adapting to that but like the
most recent like week or two I mean I
didn't play them scripts all sleek but
like recently when I played him he
wasn't doing any of that anymore he just
I felt like he wasn't as confident in
his own play I guess so I definitely say
rather play against TSM squalene you'd
rather play against TSM smiling because
they're there they're less confident
right now so what you're saying yeah so
given that you guys or that you would
like to think of yourself as the best
bot Lane and North America that's
probably safe to say that you spend a
lot of time playing League of Legends
and you're really dedicated to improving
right yes I was as a completely
unrelated question I was curious how
many hours have you put into Monster
Hunter and since it came out
um quite a lot I'll play like in-between
scrim games like when we're waiting for
the team to get in the lobby and I'll
play for like an hour or so after scrims
just like chill and a little bit before
as well is really fun game I'll do that
with any game I'm like interested in
like during season or off season before
I was playing like wow when I was out
for tonight like doesn't stuff I like to
keep myself balanced on games because
it's a big passion of mine video gaming
now golden Glu gave me that information
you just like how do you should ask him
how much he's played Monster Hunter but
I like that you couch it as yes I'm
playing Monster Hunter a lot between
scrims well I'm waiting for cue it's
very good is there anything that you
would like to say to any of the fans out
there and go get monster hungry so my
coverage of all things these sports
right here on my youtube channel hey
thank you so much for subscribing to my
youtube channel wait you haven't yet
well you should because these LCS
interviews are brought to you by Omni
slash they're gonna be here all season
long so make sure you subscribe